hey mey have you heard about the new
trash can
Mac no what's that it's the newest
innovation in kitchen technology instead
of just being a regular trash can it's
also a fully functioning Mac
computer it's Sleek stylish and super
practical you can throw away your trash
while checking your emails browsing the
web and composting your kitchen
scraps wow that sounds incredible
incredibly in and convenient too U but
won't it get
dirty not at all the trash can Mac is
designed with a durable easy to clean
exterior so you can keep it looking
pristine even in the messiest of
kitchens I bet it's great for saving
space too it is just look at that space
gray with the trash can Mac you can dis
declutter your kitchen while staying
connected and prod
Ive trash can M the future of waste
management and Computing all one sleep
package all in one Sleek
package upgrade your kitchen experience
today with trash can Mac
talk about you